We could use auto log in and the app component of course that makes sense because when the app starts
in initialize app or an engine in it then we certainly want to check whether the user is locked in.
But an even better place might be our off guard because dad kicks it whenever we try to visit a protected
place.
So in the off guard here I will now still get access to use to user is authenticated but I want to change
what I do when we're not authenticated instead of immediately redirecting.
I want to check whether we're able to auto log in and therefore I'll not use tap here but switch map
which therefore of course needs to be imported from our x j as operators and switch map now gets D is
authenticated information.
And if we're not authenticated here then I actually want to try to auto log in.
So here it will return this off service order to log in and this should return and observable.
So in order auto log in I am returning does observable chain and in the end This returns true or false.
Right.
That is what we just set up but it also tries logging us in automatically if we're not authenticate
it then I'll return a new observable with off with the off creation operator imported from our exchange
yes and there I will just forward the is authenticated information as a new observable because in that
case all tap in get these authenticated information and then navigate by you are L and otherwise well
just just let can load do its job.
So now be off guard should take care about calling or to log in for us or not.
Now let's give this a try.
If I now save this
and the app reloads I stay on this page because right now we have no data stored.
Now let me log in here
and I get an error can read property error undefined in the off page.
We have this problem so it looks like we got an error but not from the server but from somewhere else.
Let me console lock that error response temporarily to see what went wrong here when I tried to log
in invalid time value add data to ISO string so in my off service in the place where I called store
off data and a call to ISO state which string on the expiration time there we're having a problem.
Probably because the generation of the expiration time fails.
The problem here is I'm not getting the expires in key.
You can see that if you check the network request that gets sent which is what I did to narrow down
his issue here.
We're missing that expires in KY.
The reason for that is that I forgot something when I do log in.
We're sending email and password and what else do we need to send.
We have a look at the docs we should send return secure token which always should be true.
Well didn't do that.
So let's add returns and secure token here and set this to true on the log and request on the sign up
request I did do it and now with this will get back expires in on the response and therefore we'll be
able to set this expiration date.
So now as this reloads here let's log in and now it is looks way better.
Better we're allowed to visit this page now with a reload this page.
I actually start here because now our auto logging works and you can see that stored data here in the
browser if you click on application.
Local storage because here on the Mac it is stored in local storage on the real device it won't there
it will be stored in the native device storage.
But here you can see your off data and that is your user I.D. and so on.